I did an experiment where I took what is
arguably one of the best features that
has ever been released on Instagram and
I abused it for 24 hours. The exact
experiment, as the title of this podcast
states, is I posted 100 trial reels in a
24-hour period to see what would happen,
and here are the results. But of course,
first we need to make sure we're all on
the same page and discuss what the heck
even are trial reels. By the way, there
are timestamps down at the bottom of
this video if you're watching on
YouTube. So, if you already know what
trial reels are and you want to skip
ahead to the strategy or the results of
my experiment, you can do that. But
first, what are trial reels? Trial reels
are a feature that was released by
Instagram at the end of 2024 that
basically were supposed to be a way for
anyone on Instagram to experiment by
posting their reels to be visible only
by non-followers. It would be cool if
you could see how a reel is going to do
before you actually post it on
Instagram. Basically, it was lower
pressure and Instagram thought it would
be easier for us to post reels if we got
to test them out first by showing them
to nonfollowers. And the way this works
is you're going to be able to share a
reel and mark it as a trial and then it
won't show up on your profile or on your
reels tab or even for anybody who
follows you. Instead, we will show it
just to some people who do not follow
you and you can see how it's doing.
That's what Instagram intended and that
is still how you can use them. If you
want to use trial reels to split test
your reels, if you're not sure if a reel
is going to perform well, you can post
it as a trial reel and see how it does.
But here's what I and some other
marketers very quickly figured out. This
was a kind of post that was guaranteed
to on one hand reach new people, reach
new potential followers, new potential
customers, and at the same time on the
other hand was not going to spam or
overwhelm your existing followers. and
we could post as many of these as we
wanted. This was like a gold mine. And
so immediately I started telling people
that you need to be posting as many
trial reels as possible. One analogy
that I've been using is this is like
you're a baseball player standing in the
batters box and you just get to swing
and swing and swing and it doesn't
matter if you make contact. It doesn't
matter if you foul the ball. It doesn't
matter if you hit a home run. You can
just keep swinging and you will never
strike out. Basically, you have
unlimited attempts to go viral or reach
new people or grow your following. And
there's really no downside. The only
real downside of this feature is that it
takes a few seconds to post it. And
unfortunately, there isn't quite an
automated software that can schedule
trial reels just yet. I use Metricool to
schedule all of my reels on Instagram
and actually all of my posts across
every social media. But unfortunately,
Metricool and no other social media
scheduling app that I'm aware of can
allow you to schedule trial reels. Now,
that could change in the future, but
that's really the only downside is you
have to manually post them yourself. But
that's a pretty small downside for the
potential upside of unlimited at bats,
unlimited attempt, unlimited trials to
reach new people. If you've never posted
a trial reel before, you will find the
option to post your reel as a trial
reel. On that last page where you would
normally type in your caption on that
page, it could be in one of a few
different locations. It could be down at
the very bottom right above the share
button as a big toggle that says trial
reels. For some people, or at certain
times, it might show up in the tab
that's called audience, the one that's
usually set to everyone. For some
people, when they click on that, they'll
see the option for trial reels. And for
some people, they'll have to tap on the
very bottom option that says more
options or sometimes it'll say advanced
settings and then you can select trial
reel from there. So basically to create
and post a trial reel, you follow the
same normal procedure that you would to
post any other reel and then just at the
very last step instead of sharing it
with your whole audience, you share it
as a trial reel. Now, not to jump too
far ahead because I will be sharing my
strategies for trial reels. I have a
basic, an intermediate, and an advanced
strategy for trial reels. For all three,
I do not recommend ever sharing your
trial reel as a normal reel. Basically,
when you create a trial reel or when you
post a trial reel, you can set it up so
that after a certain amount of time, say
48 or 72 hours, it automatically posts
as a normal reel to your feed for your
followers to see. Or you can also go in
and manually upgrade your reel from a
trial reel to a normal reel, thus making
it show up on your feed, show up on your
grid, and potentially show up in the
feed of your followers. And I don't
recommend ever doing that for two main
reasons. Number one, when it does get
upgraded to a normal reel, it shows up
as if it was posted when the trial reel
was originally posted. So, if I posted a
trial reel and then I let it be a trial
for 48 hours and then let's say it was
doing really well. So, I upgrade it to
be a normal reel, when that normal reel
is posted, it will show up in people's
feed as if it was posted 48 hours ago
and it will say posted 48 hours ago. And
if I've posted other things to my feed
since then, it will show up below them
in my grid. So, that's kind of a
challenge, right? It doesn't post or
show up as if it was just now posted.
And so the engagement that you're likely
going to receive on that post is lower
than if you had just posted it.
Obviously, you get the most engagement
right after you post and not 2 or 3 days
after you post. That's the main issue
with upgrading your trial reel to a
normal reel. The second issue with
upgrading your trial reels to normal
reels is that the engagement rates are
often very different. Even if you have a
trial reel that's really doing well,
you're likely going to be getting
different comments, different amounts of
engagement and likes, and it can really
throw off people when they're used to
you getting a certain number of views or
likes, and they see a post from you that
has like significantly less, but it was
posted 3 days ago, it's going to be
confusing. And so, for most people, I
recommend just leaving your trial reels
as trial reels forever. I have trial
reels that are still technically trial
reels and can still get viewed by
nonfollowers five or six months after
they were originally posted because I
posted them in December when trial reels
was first announced and I've never
upgraded them. I've never deleted them.
I've never archived them. So, here we
are 5 6 months later, they're still
getting views and I'm never going to
upgrade them. Now, trial reels are
supposed to be available worldwide. They
have been rolled out worldwide, which is
a tongue twister. Try saying that 10
times fast. rolled out worldwide. Rolled
out worldwide. I digress. Trial reels
should be available on your account.
It's not like you have to be set up a
certain way or get a certain number of
followers or live in a certain country.
You should have access to them. But
Instagram is glitchy and it's very
difficult for the software engineers
that work at Instagram to just flip a
switch and give all two billion accounts
access to all the same features at the
same time. But usually, this is where I
would say tough luck. You got to just
cross your fingers and keep waiting. I
actually have a solution. So, if you
don't have Trial Reels on your account,
you can click on the link that's in the
show notes below. It's kind of a long
link, so I'm not going to read it out,
but if you click on that link, it's an
official blog from Instagram. And on
that blog, there will be a big button at
the top that says something like create
reels. And if you tap on that, you will
be able to follow the process of
creating a reel. Or you can just upload
one that you've already created. And
then you should see the option to post
it as a trial reel. This has worked for
most people who have used this link.
It's not a foolproof. It's not a
guaranteed to work, but it does work for
most people. So, if you don't have trial
reels and you want access to this
feature, which I think you should
because like I said, it's arguably the
best feature Instagram has ever came out
with, just click on that link and it
might work for you. And then once you
have posted your reel as a trial reel,
in order to see it, check on its
performance and respond to any comments
or engagement that it has received, you
simply go to the reels tab on your
profile and then tap on the area where
your drafts are saved and it will
instead of just taking you right into
your drafts, it will give you the option
to choose between drafts and trial
reels. And then from there, if you tap
on trial reels, you can see all of the
trial reels that you have previously
posted and you can view the insights and
the engagement on those trial reels. But
enough background into trial reels.
Let's get into the actual experiment.
And I actually vlogged it. I set out to
post 100 trial reels in 24 hours. And I
documented the entire process in real
time. So, here it is. It is 10:38 a.m.
Mountain time, and I just posted my
fourth trial reel of the day. My goal
for today is to post 100 trial reels in
the next 24 hours and just see what
happens. This is going to be kind of
like an educational vlog and uh let's
see how it goes. So far in the first
four trial reels, I've posted two
talking head and two memes. And all four
have been reposts of things I have
posted in the past. That's one thing
that's probably going to be true for the
entire day today is that all 100 of
these trial reels are going to be reels
that I have previously made and
previously posted to my Instagram, not
necessarily new pieces of content or new
reels that haven't been posted anywhere
before. Also, I guess I can give
real-time updates on the trial reels.
So, the first one that I posted, which
was posted an hour and 10 minutes ago,
has 158 views. The second one, which was
posted about an hour ago, has 151 views.
The third one, which was posted just 35
minutes ago, has 120 views. And then the
fourth one, which was just posted within
the last 5 minutes, is still sitting at
zero views. All right, it's now 12:06
p.m. and I have posted 15 trial reels.
What I've done is I have downloaded a
bunch of reels that I've already posted
because I had them saved in Dropbox and
Google Drive. So, I just downloaded
them, airdropped them to my phone, and
put them all in a folder so that they're
very easy to access. Definitely the
biggest challenge for this experiment is
just keeping up with the volume because
124 hours is, you know, a little bit
more than 4 an hour, but of course, you
know, I have to sleep, right? And I have
to do other things. So, it's really more
like 118 hours. And so that's more like
5 and 1/2 an hour. So posting six in an
hour, that's one every 10 minutes. Like
it's a lot. And there's no way to
automate it. So I'm having to post them
all manually. So anyways, I air dropped
a bunch of reels that I have previously
posted onto my phone so that they're all
just sitting right there as the most
recently saved thing in my camera roll
and then I can easily just post them
over and over again. As to the strategy
of like how I'm picking which one to
post, there's not really much of a
strategy. I'm just kind of picking ones
that I haven't posted already today, but
you know, by the end of today, I'm sure
I'll be posting ones that I have posted
already today. But so far in the first
15, they have all been unique from each
other at least. But I'm sure pretty soon
I'll start repeating ones over and over
again. But there's no strategic thought
or strategy behind which ones I'm
posting or which ones I'm posting when
or any sort of order or or sequence or
anything like that. Basically, I'm just
selecting one and as long as I haven't
previously posted it, I'm posting that
one. Checking in on the views. Nothing
has significantly popped off. The ones
that I've just posted within the last 20
minutes are still all 10 views or less.
The ones that I have posted earlier
today are the highest being 228 views
and the lowest being 16 views, which is
really interesting that one got stuck at
16, but the rest are all between 144,
162, 179. So, it seems like between 150
and 200 seems to be like the average.
All right. Yes, I have a vest on now,
but we have run into what I think is the
first error of the day. Maybe it's a
glitch. I'm not sure. Some people have
DM'd me about this, but they've said
that when they've tried to post a ton of
trial reels in a day, at a certain
point, Instagram just like stops
working, stops letting them post trial
reels. Now, Instagram hasn't publicly
said anywhere that there's a limit or a
cap on the number that you can post in a
day. And it also wouldn't really make
sense from a social media platform to
limit the number of times that someone
can post because if there's more people
posting, that's just like more content
to be fed into the algorithm and more
potential opportunities to keep the
users on Instagram. So, I'd be very very
surprised if Instagram did put a cap.
Now, of course, there are like spam
limits on Instagram, but there are
people who post hundreds of times just
on Instagram every day. Like literally
there are accounts uh there's one viral
example of an account that blew up and
uh they were in an interview with Mr.
Beast and they're a Bollywood
entertainment reporting style account
and they post over a hundred times a day
and they're growing like crazy and
that's 100 real posts like to the actual
feed. Now I could see Instagram putting
some sort of limit in place specifically
just for a fe feature like trial reels,
but again they haven't said anything
like it and I haven't received a ton of
DMs, just a couple here or there. Um,
but I just tried to post and I got this
notice down here at the bottom uh that
says not posted. We'll try again when
there's a better connection. And when I
got it the first time, I was connected
to my Wi-Fi here at my house and I have
good Wi-Fi here at the house. So, I
tried disconnecting from Wi-Fi and it's
still not working. So, maybe this is a
glitch. Maybe I'm posting too quickly. I
posted my last one 10 minutes ago, which
I've posted plenty of trial reels in
shorter than a 10-minute window. So,
we'll see. This would be my 24th trial
reel posted in the last 4 hours. If you
include the trial reels that I posted
yesterday and last evening, it's
probably over 25 in uh the last 24
hours. So, we'll see. I don't know if
this is a limit. I'll keep trying and
trying over and over again pressing the
retry button. If it doesn't work, then
I'll maybe give it a few minutes, give
it 10 minutes or so, and then try again
in a little bit. But, we'll see. We may
have found that there is a limit as to
the number of trial reels that you are
even allowed to post per day. Also, I
don't know if this has anything to do
with anything, but I did just post a
carousel to my feed six minutes ago. So,
again, I don't think that that should do
anything, but it is interesting that the
first trial reel that I've had that
hasn't been able to post is the one that
I posted a few minutes after posting a
regular feed post. So, again, not sure
what's going on. Maybe it's a glitch.
Maybe it's a limit. We'll see. All
right. Now, this is interesting. I just
closed the Instagram app and I was about
to just like put my phone down for a few
minutes and then I reopened it really
quick and I noticed uh that there's two
notifications at the top that are in
reference to the trial reel that I just
tried to post. One says, "Something went
wrong. Please try again later." And the
other one says, "This has not been
posted and is now saved in your
drafts." And next to each there is a
little retry button. Next to the top one
there is a X and next to the lower one
there is three dots. Uh, so if I tip tap
the X, it just uh removes that
notification. If I tap those three dots,
it says delete, draft, or dismiss. I'll
just dismiss it for now. And again, I'm
going to uh close my Instagram app and
uh reopen in a few minutes to try again.
All right, so I gave it about 15 minutes
and it still says that it cannot be
posted. I do find it interesting that it
says we'll try again when there's a
better connection. I know my connection
is fine, but I will try leaving the
house and seeing if the reel posts from
a different location. I will say after
this 15-minute break, I did try posting
a different reel than I was previously
posting in case there was just some sort
of issue with that previous reel. We'll
see if this is the limit. I don't know
why Instagram wouldn't just tell us that
that's the limit or even in this
notification why it doesn't say not
posted. You've hit your limit for the
day. Like it would be so easy for it to
say that instead of saying we'll try
again when there's a better connection
and then even giving me a retry button.
So anyways, I'll give it another 15 20
minutes. I'll try moving to a new
location where maybe there's a better
connection and we'll see. All right, so
it is now 3:00 p.m. It is over an hour
and a half since I posted my last trial
reel. In fact, it's over an hour and 45
minutes since I posted my last trial
reel. And Instagram is still telling me
that the upload failed. So, I think
basically we've hit our limit. Like I
said, I did post two trial reels
yesterday. So, that brings us to a total
of 25 trial reels in the last 24 hours.
And apparently that is the limit that
Instagram has put in place. So, as you
can see, I wasn't able to post 100 trial
reels in 24 hours. I tried. I did my
best, but Instagram didn't allow me to
do so. It appears, and I have talked to
numerous other individuals since then,
Instagram seems to have a limit of 25
trial reels per day, or rather 25 trial
reels per 24-hour period. And I do say
per 24-hour period because the following
day, as we started to pass the times
from the previous day where I had posted
a trial reel, it kind of like unlocked
the ability for me to post more trial
reels. So, unfortunately, I wasn't able
to post the full 100, but I was able to
post 25. And I can share my stats with
you from those 25 trial reels. And I
have now since then posted over 100
trial reels total. And I can share some
insights with you from those as well.
From the 25 trial reels that I posted
during this experiment, I received a
total of
33,545 views and about 50 followers.
Now, you might be thinking, 30,000
views, Brock, you have more subscribers
on this podcast, Brock, you have 700,000
followers on Instagram. Why are you
celebrating over 30,000 views? And let
me just say, what a problematic way to
think. Like, I feel like so many of us
are brainwashed that we need to be going
viral. We need to be getting hundreds of
thousands or millions of views or else
things aren't worth it. I got 33,000
people who have never seen my content,
never seen my post before, who have no
idea who I am or what my business does
to see my posts. And 50 of them, 50
people joined and followed me in that
one day. According to a few studies, the
average Instagram growth rate is
about8% or less than 1% per month. And
so I would be willing to bet that most
people listening or watching this
episode are not gaining 50 followers a
day. And I also want you to keep in mind
that the views that my trial reels
received are not impacted at all by the
number of followers I have or the number
of views I normally get. It doesn't
matter if you have 3 million followers
or if you have 30 followers. Trial reels
are kind of treated the same. They're
all posted to nonfollowers. Instagram
doesn't care. Hey, this person normally
gets 10,000 views. Hey, this person has
350 followers. They don't care because
they're showing it to new people. And
so, while you might look at those
numbers for me and be like, "Oh, well,
that's low compared to what Brock
normally gets." It's very possible that
you could achieve those exact same
numbers, if not better. So, how would
you feel if you got 30,000 new viewers
every single day? People who have no
idea who you are. People who have never
followed you or seen your business
before, but might be interested in it.
How would you feel if you got 50 new
followers a day? That's equivalent to
18,250 followers a year for doing almost
no additional work. We're going to get
into how this can be no additional work
in just a second. Back to what I was
saying, I think we have a very skewed
perception of what it's normal and what
we should be happy with or proud of on
social media. Like I hear people all the
time, "Oh, Brock, I only got eight
likes. You got eight likes? Imagine
eight strangers on the street coming up
to you and giving you a compliment. Or
imagine eight of your friends or your
customers sending you a text with some
kind words in a day. Like that's
impressive. And so I think we should
stop poo pooing these results and
recognize that while maybe every trial
reel might not be a home run, even if
you're making contact with the ball,
even if you're making it to first base,
that's progress and that's a win and
something to be proud of. But with all
that being said, I do want to say that
the averages that came out of this
study, which the average of 33,000 views
divided by 25 trial reels was about,300
views per trial reel and I think maybe
two followers per trial reel. That's
actually not a great indication of how
trial reels have performed for me over
the long haul. I don't have the exact
numbers because we haven't calculated
all of the stats from every trial reel
that I've ever posted, but I have
numerous trial reels that have well over
20,000 views on the individual reel,
50,000 views on a reel, 100,000. I have
multiple trial reels that have gone
viral, and that from one trial reel
alone have gained me 50 or 100 plus
followers. And so, while this experiment
isn't the greatest indication of what
the average trial reel experience is
like, I think that this experiment is an
indication of what even a low level of
trial reels, what the low-end results
will be like. And so, I want you to
think about the potential that is out
there for reaching tens of thousands,
hundreds of thousands, or maybe even
millions of people from a trial reel.
Now, I hypothesized that this experiment
wasn't going to go viral or blow up my
account or anything like that. And
that's because I followed the basic
strategy, my basic trial reel strategy.
And like I said earlier, I have three
main trial reel strategies, and I'm
going to outline them for you. And for
this experiment, I really just stuck
with the baseline strategy because it
was the simplest, it was the easiest,
and I wanted it, like I said, to just
kind of be a baseline or a basic level
of results. And the basic strategy is
for someone who maybe you haven't had
access to trial reels before. Maybe
you're kind of just barely staying
afloat with this whole social media
business thing. You're just trying to
grow a business online. You had never
heard of trial reels before today. You
had never used them. You were confused.
You're new to growing on social and
you're still developing your skills.
Hey, there's no problem with that. You
are welcome here. You're welcome on this
podcast. You're welcome to subscribe.
And I would encourage you to start out
with the basic real strategy. And the
basic reel strategy is number one,
download all of your past reels.
Hopefully, you've been downloading them
as you go. That's a pro tip that I think
everyone should be doing is just saving
all of their content. Every reel that
you ever make or post should be saved to
your camera roll so you can access it in
the future. But if you haven't done
that, make sure that you download or
save any reels that you have already
posted. A good website for that is
saveclipip.ap. I know it's a little bit
confusing because it's appapp and it's a
website. It's not an app. Yes, they have
an app, but I do think it's better to
use their website. So, just go to the
website
saveve clip
clip.app. This is not sponsored. It's
not even a service that you pay for. So,
I don't even know if they are making
money to pay me for saying this, but
this is just the the tool that I use to
download my own reels if I have posted
them without saving them. You just copy
and paste the link to your reel into
that website and you can download it
right then and there. Step two, put them
all into a folder in your camera roll on
your actual phone. Don't use your
computer. Don't use any cloud storage or
anything like that. In your actual
phone's camera roll, select all of those
videos that you just saved and put them
all into one folder so they can be
easily accessed and found in the future.
And then step three, post trial reels.
Post as many as you can every single
day. Whenever you can remember to,
whenever you can, post a trial reel.
Maybe you want to set a goal of posting
three a day or five a day. Just try to
post as many as you can and don't worry
so much about the caption. Definitely
don't worry about the cover. Just take
these reels that you've already posted
and post them again. And I should say
that's really what this whole strategy
is based off of. And the way that you're
going to be able to post more trial
reels without creating more work and
more effort for yourself is by reposting
your best content. You've already posted
it. It's already performed well. Why not
post it again? You're only going to
reach people who didn't see it the first
time because they don't follow you
anyway. So, they likely didn't see it
the first time and you've already done
the work to create the reel. You already
have the validation that it's a good
reel or that it performed well. And so,
you might as well repost it as a trial
reel. In fact, if you look at all of the
trial reels that I have posted, I've
posted well over a hundred, but I've
probably only posted about 30 different
trial reels. And some of my best
performing trial reels that consistently
post after post after post perform well.
I've posted them dozens of times. And
remember, this will not spam your
audience. This will not affect your
algorithm. This will not hurt your
account in any way because it's only
reaching new people. So, that's the
basic trial reel strategy. The
intermediate trial reel strategy is the
same three basic steps, but with a
little bit more nuance or a little bit
more strategy behind them. So, step
number one, instead of just downloading
all of your past reels, or any reel from
the past, I want you to take your best
reels, like I was just talking about,
your reels that got the most views, the
most saves, the most shares, your reels
that you know have performed really well
for you in the past. Download all of
those. Step number two is the exact
same. Put them all in a folder in your
camera roll so that you can easily
access them and post them whenever you
want. And then step three is instead of
just posting willy-nilly, posting when
you can, trying your best, set reminders
in your phone, set reminders in your
calendar so that every few hours you're
getting that little ping and reminder to
post a trial reel. Eventually, it will
become like a habit. Eventually, it will
be something that you don't need the
reminders for. And you know, every time
you go to the bathroom, you post a trial
reel or every time you get in your car,
you post a trial reel before you start
driving. Basically, it will be second
nature, but more importantly, it will be
more consistent and you'll be posting
more trial reels because you're not just
relying on random thoughts to pop in
your head. You're actually treating it
like a business and putting a system
behind it. And then third is the
advanced strategy. And this is the
strategy that I actually use. And this
is for you business owners who are
watching today and you're like, I want
to get the most out of trial reels.
Brock, I'm allin. I see the value
proposition of this feature and I want
to go all in. Here's how you do that.
Number one, you're going to have to get
a little nerdy. There is no exact way to
do this on Instagram, so you're going to
have to get a little nerdy. You're going
to have to make a spreadsheet. In this
spreadsheet, in column A, I want you to
insert the link to all of your most
viewed reels. This should be relatively
easy. You can go to your Instagram
insights or if you use Metricool to
schedule, you can use their analytics
tool to find all of your most viewed
reels. Just copy the link to all of your
most viewed reels and put that in column
A. Then in column B, I want you to write
down how many views that reel got. I
don't care if it's 84 million or if it's
84,000 or if it's 840. Write down how
many views you got for that
corresponding reel in column B. And then
column C, that is where you're going to
put how many followers you gained from
that reel. Again, you can find this in
your Instagram insights and it will tell
you exactly how many followers you
gained from that reel. What this will
allow you to do is create a column D
where you can see the most helpful ratio
for your trial reels. And the ratio is
basically how many views did it take me
to gain one single follower. For
example, when I did this study, I found
that my most viral reel wasn't actually
my best reel at gaining me followers.
While it did get a lot of views, it took
a couple thousand views just to get one
follower. Whereas I had other reels that
didn't necessarily get the most views.
They still got a good amount of views,
but they didn't get, you know, number
one in the rankings. They were maybe
number six in my most viewed reels, but
they only took a couple hundred or even
less than a 100red views to get a
follower. What this ratio can tell me is
not just what my best views are in terms
of getting the most followers or my best
reels in terms of getting the most
views. This can tell me which reels are
the best in terms of converting a viewer
into a follower. Once you have this
spreadsheet, it will be like unlocking
an absolute gold mine. It is crazy the
difference in performance when you post
a trial reel that not just got good
views, not just went viral, not just
was, you know, good engagement, but
specifically was a reel that the first
time you posted it, it had a very high
ratio of viewers becoming followers.
Because not only is this proof that it's
a good reel, it's proof that it's a reel
that's going to convert people into
actual followers. And so what I have
done is I don't just post my best reels.
So, I don't just post my most viral
reels as trial reels. I post these
reels, the reels that are proven to have
the best viewer to follower ratio. And
that's what I double down on. If I post
25 trial reels in a day, probably 16 to
20 of the 25 are the same four or five
reels posted two, three, or even four
times in that day because I know that
those are the reels that are going to
perform the best. they're going to give
me the most bang for my buck in terms of
converting viewers into followers. So
again, I know it was a little bit nerdy.
I know it will take some work or some
data analysis to figure out what your
best of the best reels are, but I think
it's worth it. Then once you've figured
out what those reels are from the
spreadsheet, download them all, but put
them in a shared drive. Put them in
Google Drive or put them in Dropbox. put
them in some sort of cloud-based storage
so that in step three, you can share
that folder with an employee, with a
staff member, with a social media
manager, and then delegate. That's step
three. Delegate or outsource the task of
posting your trial reels. That way, you
can be a business owner. You can focus
on things that are going to drive
revenue, big picture, ideulating for the
future. You can focus on creating more
content that is going to be posted as a
normal reel in the future. and you can
have someone on your team post the trial
reels for you and you don't have to
worry about it. And make sure that they
are getting the most juice from the
squeeze. Make sure that they are posting
the maximum number of trial reels per
day, which again, we believe it's 25
trial reels per day. Your account might
not have that limit. If you can post
100, go for it. Some people have said
that their limit was 20 in a day, but
more or less it's around 25. Make sure
that whoever you are delegating this to
is posting the maximum number of trial
reels per day. Of course, trial reels
are not the only way to grow on
Instagram. I do believe that the best
way to grow on Instagram is creating
shareworthy content. Shareworthy content
is the kind of content that people are
sending to each other. The kinds of
content that when one person sees it,
they're sending it to their friend,
their group chat, their colleague,
whatever. It's a really great way to
beat the algorithm because then you
don't have to rely on the algorithm to
show your content to the right people or
to push your content out to more
viewers. you are letting the existing
viewers share it with the perfect ideal
recipient, the perfect ideal next
viewer. On average, we see that one
share equates to over 150 additional
views. So imagine if just one out of
those 150 new viewers also shared your
reel. Whether you're posting a normal
reel to your feed or a trial reel,
focusing on shareworthy content is a
great way to unlock more views and more
growth. We did an entire episode that
just actually came out like a week or
two ago about shareworthy content and
the five different kinds and how to
create it. And I think you'll be
surprised what kind of post is not a
shareworthy post on average. So, we'll
link that up down in the show notes
below. I highly recommend checking that
out. And if you haven't already, I
encourage you to subscribe because here
on this podcast, every single Thursday,
I post a new educational quick tip,
strategy, insights, new Instagram or
social media feature to help you build
your business online. Thank you so much
for being here and as always happy
networking.